Fixed Defect in Test Case for Glue:R0036_0. (#136)
Draegerwerk/SDCcc: CHANGELOG.md

- autocommit of the database being on, it is now always off
- local address resolver sometimes giving a wrong address
- local address resolver doing a probe which may not be tolerated by some peers

> - Test Case for Glue:R0036_0 now accepts SOAPFault as a valid answer for Subscribe messages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- the test case for Glue:R0036_0 not accepting a SOAPFault as a valid answer for Subscribe messages
```
